Article for creating a package using dotnet CLI (#1524)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/msbuild-targets.md

### Packing using a .nuspec

> Although it is recommended that you [include all the properties](../reference/msbuild-targets.md#pack-target) that are usually in the `.nuspec` file in the project file instead, you can choose to use a `.nuspec` file to pack your project. To use `.nuspec`, you must have an SDK project file that imports `NuGet.Build.Tasks.Pack.targets` so that the pack task can be executed. You still need to restore the project before you can pack a nuspec file. The target framework of the project file is irrelevant and not used when packing a nuspec. The following three MSBuild properties are relevant to packing using a `.nuspec`:

Reviewer: > To use `.nuspec`, you must have an SDK project file that imports `NuGet.Build.Tasks.Pack.targets` so that the pack task can be executed

I think this is out of date. 

SDK projects include the pack targets by default. 

non-SDK based PackageReference projects don't

> Although it is recommended that you [include all the properties](../reference/msbuild-targets.md#pack-target) that are usually in the `.nuspec` file in the project file instead, you can choose to use a `.nuspec` file to pack your project. To use a `.nuspec` file. To use `.nuspec`, you must have an SDK project file that imports `NuGet.Build.Tasks.Pack.targets` so that the pack task can be executed. You still need to restore the project before you can pack a nuspec file. The target framework of the project file is irrelevant and not used when packing a nuspec. The following three MSBuild properties are relevant to packing using a `.nuspec`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although it is recommended that you [include all the properties](../reference/msbuild-targets.md#pack-target) that are usually in the `.nuspec` file in the project file instead, you can choose to use a `.nuspec` file to pack your project. To use `.nuspec`, you must have an SDK project file that imports `NuGet.Build.Tasks.Pack.targets` so that the pack task can be executed. You still need to restore the project before you can pack a nuspec file. The target framework of the project file is irrelevant and not used when packing a nuspec. The following three MSBuild properties are relevant to packing using a `.nuspec`:
```

Reviewer 2: another suggestion:
 ```suggestion
Although it is recommended that you [include package metadata in your project file](../reference/msbuild-targets.md#pack-target), you can choose to use a `.nuspec` file to pack your project. To use `.nuspec`, you must have an SDK project file that imports `NuGet.Build.Tasks.Pack.targets` so that the pack task can be executed. You still need to restore the project before you can pack a nuspec file. The target framework of the project file is irrelevant and not used when packing a nuspec. The following three MSBuild properties are relevant to packing using a `.nuspec`:
```
